README.md, before:

# Metamask Logo

A browserifyable 3d metamask logo. [Live demo](https://metamask.github.io/logo/).

This repo can both be included as a browserifiable module, and includes a sample app.

The sample app address is `index.html`.
The sample app javascript is `bundle.js`, which is built from `sample.js` using the `build` task (see the `package.json`).

## API

```javascript
const ModelViewer = require('@metamask/logo');

// To render with fixed dimensions:
const viewer = ModelViewer({
  // Dictates whether width & height are px or multiplied
  pxNotRatio: true,
  width: 500,
  height: 400,
  // pxNotRatio: false,
  // width: 0.9,
  // height: 0.9,

  // To make the face follow the mouse.
  followMouse: false,

  // head should slowly drift (overrides lookAt)
  slowDrift: false,
});

// add viewer to DOM
const container = document.getElementById('logo-container');
container.appendChild(viewer.container);

// look at something on the page
viewer.lookAt({
  x: 100,
  y: 100,
});

// enable mouse follow
viewer.setFollowMouse(true);

// deallocate nicely
viewer.stopAnimation();
```

## Running Example

First, rebuild `browserify example/example.js -o bundle.js`.
Then, run a local server in this folder and visit it. For example, `http-server`.

## Contributing

### Setup

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 12
  - If you are using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (recommended) running `nvm use` will automatically choose the right node version for you.
- Install [Yarn v1](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- Run `yarn setup` to install dependencies and run any requried post-install scripts
  - **Warning:** Do not use the `yarn` / `yarn install` command directly. Use `yarn setup` instead. The normal install command will skip required post-install scripts, leaving your development environment in an invalid state.

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and fix any automatically fixable issues.

### Release & Publishing

The project follows the same release process as the other libraries in the MetaMask organization. The GitHub Actions [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr) and [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release) are used to automate the release process; see those repositories for more information about how they work.

1. Choose a release version.

   - The release version should be chosen according to SemVer. Analyze the changes to see whether they include any breaking changes, new features, or deprecations, then choose the appropriate SemVer version. See [the SemVer specification](https://semver.org/) for more information.

2. If this release is backporting changes onto a previous release, then ensure there is a major version branch for that version (e.g. `1.x` for a `v1` backport release).

   - The major version branch should be set to the most recent release with that major version. For example, when backporting a `v1.0.2` release, you'd want to ensure there was a `1.x` branch that was set to the `v1.0.1` tag.

3. Trigger the [`workflow_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch) event [manually](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow) for the `Create Release Pull Request` action to create the release PR.

   - For a backport release, the base branch should be the major version branch that you ensured existed in step 2. For a normal release, the base branch should be the main branch for that repository (which should be the default value).
   - This should trigger the [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr) workflow to create the release PR.

4. Update the changelog to move each change entry into the appropriate change category ([See here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#types) for the full list of change categories, and the correct ordering), and edit them to be more easily understood by users of the package.

   - Generally any changes that don't affect consumers of the package (e.g. lockfile changes or development environment changes) are omitted. Exceptions may be made for changes that might be of interest despite not having an effect upon the published package (e.g. major test improvements, security improvements, improved documentation, etc.).
   - Try to explain each change in terms that users of the package would understand (e.g. avoid referencing internal variables/concepts).
   - Consolidate related changes into one change entry if it makes it easier to explain.
   - Run `yarn auto-changelog validate --rc` to check that the changelog is correctly formatted.

5. Review and QA the release.

   - If changes are made to the base branch, the release branch will need to be updated with these changes and review/QA will need to restart again. As such, it's probably best to avoid merging other PRs into the base branch while review is underway.

6. Squash & Merge the release.

   - This should trigger the [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release) workflow to tag the final release commit and publish the release on GitHub.

7. Publish the release on npm.

   - Be very careful to use a clean local environment to publish the release, and follow exactly the same steps used during CI.
   - Use `npm publish --dry-run` to examine the release contents to ensure the correct files are included. Compare to previous releases if necessary (e.g. using `https://unpkg.com/browse/[package name]@[package version]/`).
   - Once you are confident the release contents are correct, publish the release using `npm publish`.

Commit message:

Rewrite demo build script (#69)
The demo build script has been rewritten in JavaScript. This new build
script includes the ability to build all demos at once. It also has
much better error handling.

The two npm scripts that were used for building one or all demos have
been replaced with a single `demo` script that requires either the
`--all` option or a demo name as an argument. The README was updated to
explain how this command works.

This was done in preparation for migrating the demo to a `gh-pages`
branch.

README.md, after:

# Metamask Logo

A browserifyable 3d metamask logo. [Live demo](https://metamask.github.io/logo/).

This repo can both be included as a browserifiable module, and includes a demo app.

## API

```javascript
const ModelViewer = require('@metamask/logo');

// To render with fixed dimensions:
const viewer = ModelViewer({
  // Dictates whether width & height are px or multiplied
  pxNotRatio: true,
  width: 500,
  height: 400,
  // pxNotRatio: false,
  // width: 0.9,
  // height: 0.9,

  // To make the face follow the mouse.
  followMouse: false,

  // head should slowly drift (overrides lookAt)
  slowDrift: false,
});

// add viewer to DOM
const container = document.getElementById('logo-container');
container.appendChild(viewer.container);

// look at something on the page
viewer.lookAt({
  x: 100,
  y: 100,
});

// enable mouse follow
viewer.setFollowMouse(true);

// deallocate nicely
viewer.stopAnimation();
```

## Contributing

### Setup

- Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) version 12
  - If you are using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#installation) (recommended) running `nvm use` will automatically choose the right node version for you.
- Install [Yarn v1](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- Run `yarn setup` to install dependencies and run any requried post-install scripts
  - **Warning:** Do not use the `yarn` / `yarn install` command directly. Use `yarn setup` instead. The normal install command will skip required post-install scripts, leaving your development environment in an invalid state.

### Building the demos

The demos can be built with the command `yarn demo --all`, or a single demo can be built with `yarn demo <demo-name>`.

Open `docs/index.html` in a browser to view the demo list.

### Testing and Linting

Run `yarn lint` to run the linter, or run `yarn lint:fix` to run the linter and fix any automatically fixable issues.

### Release & Publishing

The project follows the same release process as the other libraries in the MetaMask organization. The GitHub Actions [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr) and [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release) are used to automate the release process; see those repositories for more information about how they work.

1. Choose a release version.

   - The release version should be chosen according to SemVer. Analyze the changes to see whether they include any breaking changes, new features, or deprecations, then choose the appropriate SemVer version. See [the SemVer specification](https://semver.org/) for more information.

2. If this release is backporting changes onto a previous release, then ensure there is a major version branch for that version (e.g. `1.x` for a `v1` backport release).

   - The major version branch should be set to the most recent release with that major version. For example, when backporting a `v1.0.2` release, you'd want to ensure there was a `1.x` branch that was set to the `v1.0.1` tag.

3. Trigger the [`workflow_dispatch`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch) event [manually](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow) for the `Create Release Pull Request` action to create the release PR.

   - For a backport release, the base branch should be the major version branch that you ensured existed in step 2. For a normal release, the base branch should be the main branch for that repository (which should be the default value).
   - This should trigger the [`action-create-release-pr`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-create-release-pr) workflow to create the release PR.

4. Update the changelog to move each change entry into the appropriate change category ([See here](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/#types) for the full list of change categories, and the correct ordering), and edit them to be more easily understood by users of the package.

   - Generally any changes that don't affect consumers of the package (e.g. lockfile changes or development environment changes) are omitted. Exceptions may be made for changes that might be of interest despite not having an effect upon the published package (e.g. major test improvements, security improvements, improved documentation, etc.).
   - Try to explain each change in terms that users of the package would understand (e.g. avoid referencing internal variables/concepts).
   - Consolidate related changes into one change entry if it makes it easier to explain.
   - Run `yarn auto-changelog validate --rc` to check that the changelog is correctly formatted.

5. Review and QA the release.

   - If changes are made to the base branch, the release branch will need to be updated with these changes and review/QA will need to restart again. As such, it's probably best to avoid merging other PRs into the base branch while review is underway.

6. Squash & Merge the release.

   - This should trigger the [`action-publish-release`](https://github.com/MetaMask/action-publish-release) workflow to tag the final release commit and publish the release on GitHub.

7. Publish the release on npm.

   - Be very careful to use a clean local environment to publish the release, and follow exactly the same steps used during CI.
   - Use `npm publish --dry-run` to examine the release contents to ensure the correct files are included. Compare to previous releases if necessary (e.g. using `https://unpkg.com/browse/[package name]@[package version]/`).
   - Once you are confident the release contents are correct, publish the release using `npm publish`.
